#Contacts
[x] Contact search does not work when you put First Name + " " + Last Name.
[x] Contact phone number should show as "+1-(xxx)-xxx-xxxx" wherever it is displayed. When you are adding or editing a new phone number there should be a field with a country code selector with an emoji country flag and the country code prefix.
[x] The "Company" field should be on every contact record.
[x] "Lifecycle Stage" should be tied to the underlying Company a contact works for and should be updated on the Company record only.
[x] "Owner" should be renamed to "Created By".
[x] "Owner" should always show the contact creator by First Name and Last Name. If there is no creator it should show "System".
[x] Search and filters should be redone. There should only be a search bar with a filter icon to the right of it. When you click the Filter icon you should be able to select any field in the contacts schema in and enter in your value or parameters. One you determine a filter the bottom of the popup should have a "Filter" button that you click to lock that filter in. The filter type and value should appear in a small pill between the search bar the table below. You can hover over a pill and an "x" will appear that you can click to remove the filter. If you want to add more filters you click the filter icon next to the search bar again and add another field.
[x] The search bar should allow for search of a contact's name, company, email, phone number, or deal name that is associated with it.
[x] The create contact modal should have the "Cancel" button next to Create Contact on the card.
[x] Users should be able to sort by any column ascending or descending in the table.
[x] Users should be able to add columns or remove them from the table using the fields available in the contacts schema.
[x] Users should be able to save groups of filters they create for contact lists and be able to name them and quickly apply them.
[x] There should be a smaller text next to the main "Contacts" header at the top that has a count of the number of records with the current filter set. With no filters it should say "x records" and with filters applied it should say "x records of y total"
[x] Users should be able to Star contacts and save them as a Favorite. A contact filter list called "Favorites" should be created and filtered for any user who "stars" a contact.

#Companies
[x] Company phone number should show as "+1-(xxx)-xxx-xxxx" wherever it is displayed. When you are adding or editing a new phone number there should be a field with a country code selector with an emoji country flag and the country code prefix.
[x] Companies should have the Lifecycle Stage living within their schema and attached to a Company record.
[x] Search and filters should be redone. There should only be a search bar with a filter icon to the right of it. When you click the Filter icon you should be able to select any field in the companies schema in and enter in your value or parameters. One you determine a filter the bottom of the popup should have a "Filter" button that you click to lock that filter in. The filter type and value should appear in a small pill between the search bar the table below. You can hover over a pill and an "x" will appear that you can click to remove the filter. If you want to add more filters you click the filter icon next to the search bar again and add another field.
[x] The search bar should allow for search of a company's name, email, phone number, or deal name that is associated with it.
[x] The create company modal should have the "Cancel" button next to Create Company on the card.
[x] Users should be able to sort by any column ascending or descending in the table.
[x] Users should be able to add columns or remove them from the table using the fields available in the companies schema.
[x] Users should be able to save groups of filters they create for company lists and be able to name them and quickly apply them.
[x] There should be a smaller text next to the main "Companies" header at the top that has a count of the number of records with the current filter set. With no filters it should say "x records" and with filters applied it should say "x records of y total"
[x] Users should be able to Star companies and save them as a Favorite. A company filter list called "Favorites" should be created and filtered for any user who "stars" a company.

#Deals
[x] "Deals" should be renamed to "Pipelines"
[x] There should be a way to create multiple pipelines and select the from a dropdown menu near the top of the page.
[x] The default pipeline should be "All Opportunities" which shows all opportunities in all pipelines.
[x] Individual users should be able to customize what information shows up on the cards in the Pipelines view. This would be controlled in the Settings. The default information should be Opportunity Name, Value, Lifecycle Stage, Company Name, Opportunity Owner.
[x] At the bottom of each card in the Pipeline Should be a small calendar icon, a small checkmark box icon and a small image of the opportunity owner. A user should be able to click each and have the card expand inline to show more info.
[x] When you click on the calendar icon in a card, It should show the next scheduled action for that opportunity. If there is a date scheduled, the card should show something like "Oct 2" next to the emoji with the date being the next scheduled action.
[x] Next to the checkmark box on the card should be a count of the outstanding tasks related to the opportunity. When you click it the card should expand inline to show the outstanding tasks first with check boxes next to each that a user can click if they have done the task. Directly below it should be an "Add Task" button that adds a uncompleted task directly above it. The list of completed tasks should show up below the button with check boxes filled in next to them.

#Settings
[x] The settings section should have settings for each individual section in the platform. This is where you control the settings for the sections.
[x] Settings should also have a user management section. This is where you add users to the app.
[x] There should be an Account section where the user can update their own information.
